Create version-11-color.md (#8774)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/rude-teachers-doubt.md

---
'polaris.shopify.com': minor
---

> Add whats new color page and update design/colors for the new color tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added what's new color page and updated design/colors for the new color tokens
```
